No, sorry, sorry.
I was afraid of being late, so I left in a hurry. It's alright.
You are Mr. Gu Yun
You know me?
I just watched your performance
So I decided to learn vocal music
My dream is to be like you
To be a top singer?
I see.
I will definitely study hard.
You'd rather be a role model and study hard
If life is still alive
I guess it's that big.
Hey, how is that possible?
Both of their mothers are women's boys
That's an international top soprano singer
The first place in the competition must not be sweet, right?
I envy him so much
And such a handsome brother
younger sister
It can be used as a dormitory overnight
See you later
Bye bye go bye
Some people are born to be protagonists
And some people?
You can only talk about others behind their backs like a dragon
How to go or not
You seem to think only of Principal Gu
Books that can be sung
Don't tell me
This sound quality, this color
Or can he forget himself?
But this teacher is not Gu
Did the principal prepare it for his daughter?
How did he do it?
This classroom is for me alone.
How dare you use it?
Excuse me?
I am a freshman.
I'm not very clear.
I don't know. I'm looking at you.
What's up?
What is my hand doing?